>> Speaker 1: It's
called layout thrashing.
The real term is forced
synchronous layout.
We're gonna call it layout thrashing,
because let's see really cool.
Let's be really honest like when you have
one thing called layout thrashing and
another one called forced
synchronous layout,
you choose layout thrashing every time.
So there's a set of things you can do that
cause the browser to stop and calculate
style, and layout, and as we saw like
asking about it is one of those things.
This is some code from my
application where I just literally
did the first possible
thing in the editor,
which we have a button module
like the call to action button.
And I hit a recording, I dragged it in and
I stopped the recording.
Cuz my whole plan was to like kick around,
they have a lot to find an example and
a real world application to show you.
Turned out, it was literally
the first thing that I did.
You can see that like if
Chrome can detect it,
it will put a little
red triangle up there.
And like basically tell you, hey,
a fourth reflow is a likely
performance of bottle neck.
It's like I caught you doing this.
I think you should know about it and
you can kind of like see
all of that stuff in place.
So like even in a large application like
they was literally the first thing that I
tried, it wasn't like I went looking for
a pagery flow.
I did go looking for a pagery flow.
It saved me a bunch of work [LAUGH]
by finding it immediately, but
it didn't help my moral
authority talking about this.
But it was the very first
thing that I found in there.
So one of the kind of definitions,
layout thrashing occurs when JavaScript
violently, that's why I picked this quote.
Writes, then reads from the DOM multiple
times, causing document reflows.
So yeah, every time we read like we have
to figure out the size of everything.
And then once it gets the most up to date
information, maybe just reads it once.
Cool, no big deal.
The problem is the browser is smart,
you're like what kind of problem is that?
If you change a bunch of stuff,
the browser kind of like remember we
said like budging manipulation was good.
The browsers effectively
trying to do that, as well.
You can change a whole bunch of staff.
The browsers like I don't make new frames
until like every 16 milliseconds like
let them have that it.
When I'm getting ready to draw the next
frame, I'm gonna forgot what change,
then I relayout the page.
The problem that you have
here is we changed something.
And we measure it,
we change something and we measure it.
Like the browser doesn't know,
it wants to get you,
it doesn't want to give what
the width was of that bar.
Last time it rendered,
you changed something.
It wants to get you the most
up to date information,
cuz that box might not be
where you think it is anymore.
So every time you measure, if anything has
changed from the last time you measured,
the browser has to go through and like
figure out the new state of the world.
Sure, is that not great?
Obviously, but
where it became a problem was in a loop.
We checked, we changed.
Which caused we recalculate style lay out,
recalculate style lay out.
Whenever you kind of see that pattern in
there like sometimes you are iterating and
it's natural, but you saw that for
h was like one long block in there.
When you see those patterns and you notice
you're blowing through the 16 milliseconds
for a frame, you have a problem.
And if Chrome like goes as far as to give
you the little red thing in that case,
you truly know you have a problem and
this is kind of one of
the first things to look for.
So yeah, the browser basically wants to
figure out if it has to get new updated
layout information after every
time you change something.
You asked it for stuff, it didn't know.
It tried to figure it out.
So it stopped, it reflowed the page and
got you the information.
So how do we solve this?
Well, we saw a solution
in the code before.
If you separate all the reading
from all the writing,
you should be good like
read a bunch of times.
Don't change the page, get all of the
information you need, then go ahead and
do the page changes.
So like the first code in a loop
would've triggered layout threshing.
The second one, we read a bunch and
then we write a bunch like
based on that information.
It is going to be performing for us.